RUMM-2507 Create an ApplicationLaunch view during session initialization (#1160)
DataDog/dd-sdk-ios: docs/rum_collection/data_collected.md

{{< img src="real_user_monitoring/data_collected/event-hierarchy.png" alt="RUM Event hierarchy" style="width:50%;border:none" >}}

## Application launch

During initialization, the RUM iOS SDK creates a view called "ApplicationLaunch". This view's start time matches the start of the iOS process, and can be used to track your application launch time.

The ApplicationLaunch view includes any logs, actions, and resources created before your first call to `startView`. Use the duration of this view to determine time to first view. This view has an action, `application_start`, with a duration equal to the amount of time from process start until the call to `applicationDidBecomeActive`.

> In cases where iOS decides to [prewarm your application][4], the ApplicationLaunch view instead starts when the RUM iOS SDK is initialized, and the `application_start` event does not have a duration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In cases where iOS [prewarms your application][4], the ApplicationLaunch view instead starts when the RUM iOS SDK is initialized, and the `application_start` event does not have a duration.
```

Reviewer: Looks like the link for `[4]` has not beed added yet
